update sc types page (#84)
massalabs/massa-docs: web3-dev/types.rst

Types
#####

> Massa AS-types package (`@massalabs/as-types`) contains assemblyscript object designed to write smart contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Massa AS-types package (`@massalabs/as-types`) contains assemblyscript objects designed to facilitate the writing of smart contracts.
```

.. code-block:: typescript

    import { Currency } from '@massalabs/as-types';

    const euro = new Currency("Euro", 2);
    const yen = new Currency("Japanese yen", 0);
    const isSame = euro.sameAs(yen); // False

> More info at `Currency documentation <https://as-types.docs.massa.net/classes/Currency.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More info in the `Currency documentation <https://as-types.docs.massa.net/classes/Currency.html>`_.
```

    cont isEnough = price.lessThan(accountBalance); // False
    const isValidAmount = accountBalance.substract(price).isValid(); // False

More info at `Amount documentation <https://as-types.docs.massa.net/classes/Amount.html>`_.

.. _Args:

Args
====

A class used to serialize and deserialize function argument.

Usage
-----

Serialization
-------------
.. code-block:: typescript

>     import { Address, call } from '@massalabs/massa-as-sdk';

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    import { Address, call } from '@massalabs/massa-as-sdk';
    import { Args } from '@massalabs/as-types';
```

    cont isEnough = price.lessThan(accountBalance); // False
    const isValidAmount = accountBalance.substract(price).isValid(); // False

> More info at `Amount documentation <https://as-types.docs.massa.net/classes/Amount.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More info in the `Amount documentation <https://as-types.docs.massa.net/classes/Amount.html>`_.
```

.. _Args:

Args
====

> A class used to serialize and deserialize function argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A class used to serialize and deserialize arguments (of functions, data to/from storage...).
```

Usage
-----

Serialization
-------------
.. code-block:: typescript

    import { Address, call } from '@massalabs/massa-as-sdk';
    import { Args } from '@massalabs/as-types';

    const address = new Address(
        'A17vYbpxBxiwNgYM4WgnLyMwNzj8vp5t13QMJvZMbhGyJyysxs6',
    );
    const stringArgument = "myStringArgument!"
    call(address, 'mySCFunction', new Args().add(stringArgument), 0);
    ...

Deserialization
---------------
.. code-block:: typescript

    import { Args } from '@massalabs/as-types';

    export function sayHello(args: StaticArray<u8>): void {
    const stringArgument = new Args(args).nextString().unwrap();
    ...

> See all Args methods and supported types for serialization at `Args documentation <https://as-types.docs.massa.net/classes/Args.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See all Args methods and supported types for serialization/deserialization in the `Args documentation <https://as-types.docs.massa.net/classes/Args.html>`_.
```
